see that you're already making positive
change here we go
how are you handling the coronavirus you
must shake a million hands every day
true yeah but you know actually this is
a moment to be serious okay cause this
really is a threat and we need to take
some action and we need to start taking
it right now I put out another I've been
putting out plans on this for a while
now but we need to guarantee everyone
who wants to get tested for the
coronavirus you can get tested for free
when the vaccine comes out we need to
make it for free we need to set aside
money so anyone who gets quarantined
will have their paychecks reimbursed all
of those are things that make all of us
safer yeah
and we need to think and start working
right now on the economic fallout from
this supply chains are already being
interrupted can't get materials that
come in from China for drugs can't get
parts for manufacturing here that's
going to echo through our economy it's
going to go through Europe's economy and
bounce back through ours
we need to start with a stimulus bill
now and we need to tell the Fed to open
up the window to lend to companies that
need help making it past a rough patch
if they agree not to lay people off we
need to at least minimize both the
health consequences and the economic
consequences everybody's getting better
everything's getting better that's true
really is about leadership yeah and it's
why when serious problems come you can't
just have a guy who believes in magic
the things he says about himself he must
believe in you over the last 48 hours
two of your major rivals and Tom Steyer
dropped out of the race and you how do
you find out that they're dropping out
are you guys on a group like text is
there somebody text you a ghost emoji
when they're dropping out
actually I talked to Amy right well is
happening today we've stayed in close
touch me Pete and I exchanged messages
Tom and I talked right after were you
disappointed that they endorsed Joe
Biden and not you you know look I
recognize everybody sees this
differently and I'm somebody who's just
kind of not the same who's in this race
you know you started out actually you
mentioned it when you introduced me I'm
not somebody who looked in a mirror when
I was 14 and said mmm future president
I'm somebody who looked at a mirror when
I was seven and said future public
schoolteachers yes and it was it's kind
of one thing led to another I've spent
all my life in teaching and all of my
life around kind of this central
question in law school where I've talked
about what's happening to America's
middle class why is it being hollowed
out what's happening to working families
across this country why is it that
people who work every bit as hard as my
mom and dad worked two generations ago
find the path today so much rock here in
so much deeper and for people of color
even rockier and even steeper and this
is a fundamental issue about whose side
government is on and that's what drew me
into this race I never thought I'd be in
electoral politics so you know 10 years
ago I'm still in the classroom and and I
would talk about you know what was
broken and what we could do to fix it
and tens of people heard what I reacted
to then I'm running for president of
United
Mayor Bloomberg is Mayor Bloomberg is
also running for president it seems like
it seems like you don't like him that
much it's not it's not personal it's
just everything about it who makes a
bazillion dollars and says well that
must mean that he's qualified to be
President of the United States and then
thinks he can run for president when
he's got a record of embracing racist
policies when he hides his tax info he
does look at the White House and go well
there's one in there right now but
that's not the test that he thought that
he could run for president at a time
when he has a lot of charges against him
for discrimination before roasting him
at that debate I mean that was like that
was like it was like a Comedy Central
Roast you really did at any point did
you think you have any inkling of a
thought that boy when this guy's out
he's gonna start handing out money to
all the campaigns and maybe I should be
a little bit nice no no you did not did
you speak to him after it afterwards uh
yeah you did yes yeah and he was he mad
I don't know he's a very controlled
pricing and and we spoke about the fact
that I was born and raised in Oklahoma
mm-hmm and he is spending lots of money
in Oklahoma and everywhere really he's
yes the TV local TV networks you
absolutely love them this is really
scary uh he spent somewhere approaching
a half a billion dollars yeah to buy his
way he could have given up you if you
weren't so mean to oh yeah onto that
debate stage but it raises this
fundamental question are we gonna be a
democratic party where the only way you
get to be the nominee is you either are
a billionaire or you go spend 70% of
your time sucking up to them it is a
huge flaw it real
unquestionably you know it's part of the
reason when I got into this race it was
not only who I'd be be fighting
for it's what I've been doing all my
life but it was also hell and I made the
decision from the beginning I was gonna
do this with grassroots funding if you
think that's the right way to do it go
to Elizabeth Warren calm and pitch in
five bucks but this is really our
democracy that hangs in the balance well
you are accepting PAC money correct now
so I asked from the very beginning first
day in this let's keep all the super
PACs that's what you mean the super PACs
out it is the unlimited spending do you
know how many candidates agreed to go
along with that none of them and I asked
over and over and over it now to be fair
it's super PACs plus Michael Bloomberg
who is a walking talking super PAC I
mean know he has his sock drawer is a
super PAC you know the loose change he's
giving you nothing when he's out I mean
when he goes you know but but here's the
thing if we're gonna have unlimited
spending in our races that just
fundamentally changes our democracy and
we could stop it tonight you know I did
in my 2012 race I had a deal with my
Republican counterpart that we would
keep all super PAC money out of the race
and by golly we did it but it takes
everybody agreeing to do it and that's
that's why I think it should tomorrow is
Super Tuesday yes it is
70% of our be 40% of all the delegates I
will tell you the conversation that I've
had with people over and over and over
again where people seem to think I know
something which I don't is is they want
to know you know do I vote for the
person that I like and think would be
the best president or do I vote for the
person who I think couldn't beat Donald
Trump and for a lot of people they think
those are two or maybe even four
different people what do you say to
people who are in that state of mind
right now and going to vote tomorrow so
I think number one is you have to vote
for the person you think will make the
best president of the United States
period I think that is I think that's
people's sacred obligation but I also
believe those things don't diverge that
over time
as more comes out about people the
person who will make the best president
is also the person who's got the best
chance of beating Donald Trump because
here's the thing it's going to take
standing up against Donald Trump you bet
but it's also going to take talking
about our affirmative vision of the kind
of America we want to be do we just want
to say hey look just get rid of Donald
Trump and we'll go back to the way
things were before no we have this
opportunity to some amazing opportunity
in 2020 to fix a lot of what's been
broken for a long time in this country
and to take on questions like racial
justice and economic justice and
environmental justice and social justice
we have this opportunity to build a
nation where every person has value and
where every child is worth investing in
and I believe that's how we build a
future in this country and I think
that's also on the way daylight savings
is this weekend what is your take on
that because I'll tell you something
this is the bad one where my son gets up
like at five o'clock in the morning you
can win a lot of votes from a lot of
parents if you were to get rid of this
thing okay done done okay good that much
about your husband your husband Bruce my
successor as well uh-huh has he have you
guys had conversations about like I mean
obviously we wouldn't have a first lady
Bruce he would have to be be the first
man or something his name is Brutus man
Oh Bruce Banner
so the first man with two N's you know I
have to say this up versus not my first
husband it took me a couple of bites at
the Apple watch this right once you find
the right one hang on he is the perfect
husband for me and because whatever I
want to do in like these
to be in this fight he's just a hundred
percent in to try to help and so when
people kid him about you know you'd be
the first man and he gets invited to
things and people make jokes about this
he's like okay he like no I said he's
like good if this is if this is part of
what helps then he's glad to do it you
know do you have a person in my I know
it's not something you'd probably share
but you have a person in mind that you
feel like this is who I would want to be
my running mate yes you do but I'm not
yelling okay do you think maybe I feel
like it would be wise to reveal those
names because I think it's committee
something that gets people excited you
might be right about that on the other
hand think of all those people who think
I'm thinking of their name oh yeah I
have another theory someone you've been
spending a lot of time with on the
campaign trail if you were to name your
dog Bailey your running mate I think
America would love absolutely love it
have you considered and listen Donald
Trump got a pet for a running mate maybe
you could do the same thing you know
Bailey is running for first dog okay
he's ready to have a dog back at the
White House he's working on his issues
that he wants to be able to put out I
had another running mate idea for you a
real one here we go
Rizzo the music would be great it would
be she plays the flute yep you're
thinking of she is okay go
I actually we've we've done this with
several candidates and I feel it's only
fair that I we made some merch for you
as well so these are I know it's you
know this late in the game
[Applause]
taking care and we can make it a whole
song yeah well it already is one yeah oh
you are a G and we've got a tote which
you must have in order to vote for Liz
she's the shiz
I'll pack this all up and so tomorrow's
the big day yep
is everything riding on tomorrow you
know for me it's about having built this
whole movement all across the country so
tomorrow's a big day
40% of the delegates are up for grabs
this race is obviously very fluid at
this point people are out and so on
but like I was saying earlier this
chance to get out and talk to people
across this country about what they face
every day you know a big part of it for
me has been selfie lines where you get
to talk individually with you right yeah
and we've now done well over a hundred
thousand selfies and and a lot of them
are just fun a lot of emerges you know
people giggle when people make funny
faces and oh you watch family dynamics
now let's stand over there and you know
as people do that but there are also the
ones where somebody comes through and
the little girl's adorable and she
passes on through and the mom gives me a
hug and says please hang on to health
care she has brain cancer someone will
say to me I have student loans and you
are my last hope I am never gonna get
out of this hole in my whole life and
then you say the other one has brain
cancer never mind you and your student
loans
it's that about every I don't know yeah
xx person it's it's all fun and then
something it's almost like a knife
between the ribs because it is so
painful
thanks so much need a government on
their side they're not asking for a
handout they're just asking for a
government that's on their side instead
of
on the side of the billionaires who
don't want to pay a fair share in taxes
instead of on the side of the giant
corporations just gave Britain the rules
in their favor and that's what 2020 is
all about it's not just Donald Trump
2020 is about how we see a commitment to
each other 2020 is about how we use the
tool of government not to just lift up
those who have already been lifted so
high but how we use the tool of
government to invest and lift up all
voices in this country we have such an
opportunity thank you for being well if
you like that video then put a ring on
it click the subscribe button below
Oh